Documents release / publish workflow in readme (#224)
Doist/reactist: README.md

This also prints the current test coverage.

MacOS users might need to upgrade watchman with `brew install watchman` when experiencing troubles with the watch mode. See this issue for details: https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues/1767

# Releasing

> A new version of reactist is published both on npm and GPR whenever a new release on Github is created. A Github Action will automatically perform all the necessary steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new version of reactist is published both on npm and GitHub Package Registry whenever a new release on GitHub is created. A GitHub Action will automatically perform all the necessary steps.
```

I think the GPR acronym isn't used too often, at least I couldn't find many results when Googling, so it's probably better to be clear 👍
